docs/paying-tuition.md, before:

# **Paying Commitment Fee and Tuition**

## Overview
In this section, we will guide you through the process of paying your [commitment fee](glossary.md\#commitment-fee) and [tuition](glossary.md\#tuition) using Online Banking ([Bill Payment](glossary.md\#bill-payment)). This step is crucial for securing your place in the full-time program. To ensure a successful payment, you should

- check your current balance
- make a payment through Online Banking (Bill Payment).

!!! Note
    The process for paying the commitment fee and tuition is the same.

## Check Current Balance
Your current balance shows the amount you owe to BCIT. It's important to check this so you know exactly how much you need to pay. You'll use this information when making your payment.

1. Login to **<u>[myBCIT](https://my.bcit.ca/)</u>**.

    !!!Quote ""
        ![Image of login page](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\login.png)

    !!!Note
        You may be asked to set up [authentication](glossary.md\#authentication) first. 
        Go <u>[here](https://kb.bcit.ca/student/setting-up-multi-factor-authentication-3416){:target="_blank"}</u> if you have not set it up yet.

2. Click **Student Self Service**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Student Self Service](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\student-selfservice.png)

3. Click **Fee assessment, payment and receipts**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Fee assessment, payment, and receipts](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\fee-assessment.png)

4. Click **Pay tuition - all students**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Pay tuition - all students](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\pay-tuition.png)

5. Check **Current balance**.
    
    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Current balance](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\current-balance.png)


## Pay Using Online Banking (Bill Payment)
After checking your current balance, proceed with making your payment through online banking(Bill Payment). BCIT recommends using online banking. If you prefer to pay in person or encounter any issues with payment, click **<u>[here](troubleshooting.md)</u>** for assistance.

>✏️ Steps 1 - 4 may differ in order depending on your bank.

1. Login to your bank account.
2. Add a new bill payee and search for **BCIT**.
3. Choose **BCIT - Tuition Payments** and enter your student ID as your [account number](glossary.md\#account-number).

    !!! Warning
        Do **NOT** choose **BCIT - Rent Payments**. This options is intended for paying housing fee payments.

4. Enter the current balance and complete your payment.

    !!!Note
        BCIT does **NOT** send a confirmation notification for your payment. Ensure your keep the bank receipt as proof in case any issues arise. 

5. Check if your current balance in myBCIT has successfully updated to **$.00**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Student Self Service](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\current-balance-after.png)
    !!! Success
        Once your current balance shows $.00, it means you have successfully paid your commitment fee or tuition. This can take up to **48 business hours** to reflect. 
        
        
## Conclusion

Commit message:

Add conclusion in Paying tuition

docs/paying-tuition.md, after:

# **Paying Commitment Fee and Tuition**

## Overview
In this section, we will guide you through the process of paying your [commitment fee](glossary.md\#commitment-fee) and [tuition](glossary.md\#tuition) using Online Banking ([Bill Payment](glossary.md\#bill-payment)). This step is crucial for securing your place in the full-time program. To ensure a successful payment, you should

- check your current balance
- make a payment through Online Banking (Bill Payment).

!!! Note
    The process for paying the commitment fee and tuition is the same.

## Check Current Balance
Your current balance shows the amount you owe to BCIT. It's important to check this so you know exactly how much you need to pay. You'll use this information when making your payment.

1. Login to **<u>[myBCIT](https://my.bcit.ca/)</u>**.

    !!!Quote ""
        ![Image of login page](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\login.png)

    !!!Note
        You may be asked to set up [authentication](glossary.md\#authentication) first. 
        Go <u>[here](https://kb.bcit.ca/student/setting-up-multi-factor-authentication-3416){:target="_blank"}</u> if you have not set it up yet.

2. Click **Student Self Service**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Student Self Service](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\student-selfservice.png)

3. Click **Fee assessment, payment and receipts**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Fee assessment, payment, and receipts](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\fee-assessment.png)

4. Click **Pay tuition - all students**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Pay tuition - all students](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\pay-tuition.png)

5. Check **Current balance**.
    
    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Current balance](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\current-balance.png)


## Pay Using Online Banking (Bill Payment)
After checking your current balance, proceed with making your payment through online banking(Bill Payment). BCIT recommends using online banking. If you prefer to pay in person or encounter any issues with payment, click **<u>[here](troubleshooting.md)</u>** for assistance.

>✏️ Steps 1 - 4 may differ in order depending on your bank.

1. Login to your bank account.
2. Add a new bill payee and search for **BCIT**.
3. Choose **BCIT - Tuition Payments** and enter your student ID as your [account number](glossary.md\#account-number).

    !!! Warning
        Do **NOT** choose **BCIT - Rent Payments**. This options is intended for paying housing fee payments.

4. Enter the current balance and complete your payment.

    !!!Note
        BCIT does **NOT** send a confirmation notification for your payment. Ensure your keep the bank receipt as proof in case any issues arise. 

5. Check that your current balance in myBCIT has updated to **$.00**.

    !!! Quote ""
        ![Image of Student Self Service](..\Assets\paying-tuition-image\current-balance-after.png)
    !!! Success
        Once your current balance shows $.00, it means you have successfully paid your commitment fee or tuition. This can take up to **48 business hours** to reflect. 
        

## Conclusion
By the end of this section, you will have successfully paid your commitment fee and tuition.
Now, it's time to set up your BCIT email to ensure you don't miss any important information from BCIT.

:track_next: **[Setting up myBCIT email](setting-up-email.md)**
