docs/troubleshooting.md, before:

# **Troubleshooting**

| **Symptoms** | **Probable Cause** | **Action** |
| ------------ | ------------------ | ---------- |
| Unable to log in to my BCIT | Forget myBCIT email | Visit this **<u>[search BCIT email link](https://bss.bcit.ca/owa_prod/swssrcr.p_initsearchcreate_f5)</u>** and fill in the three fields of personal information (legal first name, legal last name and birth date) and click the Search button |
|  | Forget password | Visit this **<u>[password link](https://bss.bcit.ca/owa_prod/twbkwbis.P_ForgotPwdPage)</u>** to reset your password |
|  | BCIT server under going maintenance | Check **<u>[IT System Status](https://status.bcit.ca)</u>** |
| Unable to pay tuition online | Banking issue | Pay tuition in person at the Burnaby Campus ( **<u>[Student Information and Enrolment Services]("https://www.bcit.ca/admission/contact-us")</u>** at Building SW1 – First Floor) |
| Unable to apply for U-Pass | You may not eligible for U-Pass | Part-time students are not eligible for U-Pass. Check your program is full-time or not **<u>[here](https://www.bcit.ca/study/?gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQjw2a6wBhCVARIsABPeH1t3L7F5VR8ybTlP2MmeNlhpkBfCvlFF197okKzx9YK6BplxVELReq0aAlMLEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds)</u>** |

Commit message:

Add target for trouble shooting

docs/troubleshooting.md, after:

# **Troubleshooting**

| **Symptoms** | **Probable Cause** | **Action** |
| ------------ | ------------------ | ---------- |
| Unable to log in to my BCIT | Forget myBCIT email | Visit this <u>[search BCIT email link](https://bss.bcit.ca/owa_prod/swssrcr.p_initsearchcreate_f5){:target="_blank"}</u> and fill in the three fields of personal information (legal first name, legal last name and birth date) and click the Search button |
|  | Forget password | Visit this <u>[password link](https://bss.bcit.ca/owa_prod/twbkwbis.P_ForgotPwdPage){:target="_blank"}</u> to reset your password |
|  | BCIT server under going maintenance | Check <u>[IT System Status](https://status.bcit.ca){:target="_blank"}</u> |
| Unable to pay tuition online | Banking issue | Pay tuition in person at the Burnaby Campus ( <u>[Student Information and Enrolment Services]("https://www.bcit.ca/admission/contact-us"){:target="_blank"}</u> at Building SW1 – First Floor) |
| Unable to apply for U-Pass | You may not eligible for U-Pass | Part-time students are not eligible for U-Pass. Check your program is full-time or not <u>[here](https://www.bcit.ca/study/?gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQjw2a6wBhCVARIsABPeH1t3L7F5VR8ybTlP2MmeNlhpkBfCvlFF197okKzx9YK6BplxVELReq0aAlMLEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds){:target="_blank"}</u> |
